we went out of the street today we found
people who said they were fans of Donald
Trump we asked them how they felt about
some stuff that Trump has done except
none of it was stuff Trump has done all
of the events we described were about
Richard Nixon in this Watergate edition
of lie witness news
[Music]
you heard the news that Trump was
accused of breaking into the DNC's
office and stealing sensitive documents
do you think that should be an
impeachable offense no why not
I like Trump I don't listen the new so
during the campaign Trump sent a team to
break into the DNC's headquarters and
steal sensitive documents is that an
impeachable offense I don't believe that
you don't believe that it's impeachable
offense No why not because I don't
stealing documents from the DNC it's
okay
yep do you think the president should
have to turn over all the conversations
he's been secretly recording in the Oval
Office no because he has a legitimate
excuse he's got diplomatic immunity for
those things Woodward and Bernstein from
The Washington Post wrote an article
that's pretty damning to the President
and all his men is that just the
Washington Post being haters again well
I mean it could be because from my
experience the newspaper does lie and
fabricate things it's a lot of fake news
nowadays so it's hard to you know
believe everything that comes out of the
newspapers do you think Trump will ever
find out the name of the whistleblower
known as deep throat yeah it'll come out
it'll come out later probably years from
now and why do you think that people are
calling the whistleblower by the name
deep throat well I have an opinion about
it
I've been opinion about it but I don't
want to speculate deeper is that the
name of the whistleblower yeah I mean
it's like the code name yeah I don't
know maybe it's something to do sexual I
don't know like deep thought that sounds
sexual to me do you think his nickname
tricky Don Trump is justified tricky
Donald Trump well he's a businessman
that would probably be a pretty good
name for a very good businessman what do
you think of Trump's bold choice to
throw a double peace sign after speaking
to the press corps that he'd like to
express himself he's unique so gangster
yeah he's a gangster kept it 100 do you
think everything that's going on right
now with all the impeachment stuff is
just to distract from the fighting
that's still going on in Vietnam yes I
do and
do you think that Trump's war in Vietnam
is justified damn how about I just think
this is I mean like I said I like the
guy no one's gonna convince me otherwise
do you think if Trump resigns he'll be
pardoned by Vice President Gerald Ford I
don't know what Gerald Ford is gonna do
because you know if there's evidence you
know against him you know that's
probably gonna be bad do you think
there's any precedent for everything
that's going on gosh I mean probably not
I said that it's gonna probably be in
history books for the kids to read about
in years to come so it's like nothing
we've seen before I definitely would
agree with that hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an
evil wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape